Improve API docs and handle Package.md files (#168)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-websocket: websocket-ballerina/Module.md

## Overview

This module provides an implementation for connecting and interacting with WebSocket endpoints. 

> This module facilitates two types of network entry points as ‘Client’ and ‘Listener’. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module facilitates two types of network entry points as the ‘Client’ and ‘Listener’. 
```

#### Client

The `websocket:Client` can be used to read/write text/binary messages synchronously. 

> A simple Client code to handle text messages as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple client code to handle text messages as follows.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/websocket;

public function main() returns error? {
   websocket:Client wsClient = check new("ws://echo.websocket.org");

   check wsClient->writeTextMessage("Text message");

   string textResp = check wsClient->readTextMessage();
}
```

> Similar to the above, this module has `writeBinaryMessage` and `readBinaryMessage` functions to handle binary messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the above, this module has the `writeBinaryMessage` and `readBinaryMessage` functions to handle binary messages.
```

> A callback service with the two `onPing` and `onPong` remote functions can be registered at the initialization of the client to receive `ping/pong` control frames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A callback service with the two `onPing` and `onPong` remote functions can be registered at the initialization of the client to receive the `ping/pong` control frames.
```

The returning `websocket:Service` has a fixed set of remote methods.

```ballerina
service /ws on new websocket:Listener(21003) {
    resource function get .(http:Request req) returns websocket:Service|websocket:UpgradeError {
        return new WsService();
}
        
service class WsService {
  *websocket:Service;
  remote isolated function onTextMessage(websocket:Caller caller, string data) returns websocket:Error? {
      check caller->writeTextMessage(data);
  }
}              
```

##### Remote methods associated with `websocket:Service`

**onOpen**: As soon as the WebSocket handshake is completed and the connection is established, the `onOpen` remote method is dispatched.

**onTextMessage**: The received text messages are dispatched to this remote method.

**onBinaryMessage**: The received binary messages are dispatched to this remote method.

**onPing and onPong**: The received ping and pong messages are dispatched to these remote methods respectively.

**onIdleTimeout**: This remote method is dispatched when the idle timeout is reached. The `idleTimeout` has to be configured either in the WebSocket service or the client configuration.

> **onClose**: This remote method is dispatched when a close frame with a statusCode and a reason is received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**onClose**: This remote method is dispatched when a close frame with a `statusCode` and a reason is received.
```

**onError**: This remote method is dispatched when an error occurs in the WebSocket connection. This will always be preceded by a connection closure with an appropriate close frame.

#### Control Messages

> WebSocket contains three types of control messages: `close`, `ping`, and `pong`. A WebSocket server or a client can send a `ping` message, and the opposite side should respond with a corresponding `pong` message by returning the same payload sent with the `ping` message. These ping/pong sequences are used as a heartbeat mechanism to check if the connection is healthy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A WebSocket contains three types of control messages: `close`, `ping`, and `pong`. A WebSocket server or a client can send a `ping` message and the opposite side should respond with a corresponding `pong` message by returning the same payload sent with the `ping` message. These ping/pong sequences are used as a heartbeat mechanism to check if the connection is healthy. 
```

> The user does not need to explicitly control these messages as they are handled automatically by the services and clients. But if required, we can override the default implementations of the ping/pong messages by registering a `websocket:PingPongService` in the client side as given in the above Client code sample and by including `onPing` and `onPong` remote functions in the `websocket:Service` in server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to explicitly control these messages as they are handled automatically by the services and clients. However, if required, you can override the default implementations of the ping/pong messages by registering a `websocket:PingPongService` in the client side as given in the above client code sample and by including the `onPing` and `onPong` remote functions in the `websocket:Service` in the server side.
```

```ballerina
remote function onPing(websocket:Caller caller, byte[] data) returns error? {
    io:println(string `Ping received with data: ${data.toBase64()}`);
    check caller->pong(data);
}
 
remote function onPong(websocket:Caller caller, byte[] data) {
    io:println(string `Pong received with data: ${data.toBase64()}`);
}
```

> A WebSocket server or a Client can close the WebSocket connection by calling the `close` function. In the event of a connection closure, the service will be notified by invoking the `onClose` remote function. And in the client side, you will get a connection closure error if you try to read/write messages.```ballerina

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A WebSocket server or a client can close the WebSocket connection by calling the `close` function. In the event of a connection closure, the service will be notified by invoking the `onClose` remote function. Also, on the client side, you will get a connection closure error if you try to read/write messages.

```ballerina
```

remote function onClose(websocket:Caller caller, int statusCode, string reason) {
    io:println(string `Client closed connection with ${statusCode} because of ${reason}`);
}
```

#### WebSocket Compression

> Per message compression extensions are supported by Ballerina WebSocket module and by default enabled for both WebSocket client and the server. Compression can be enabled or disabled by setting the `webSocketCompressionEnabled` to `true` or `false` in `ClientConfiguration` and `ListenerConfiguration`. Once the compression is successfully negotiated, receiving compressed messages will be automatically decompressed when reading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per message compression extensions are supported by the Ballerina `websocket` module and this is enabled by default for both the WebSocket client and the server. Compression can be enabled or disabled by setting the `webSocketCompressionEnabled` to `true` or `false` in the `ClientConfiguration` and `ListenerConfiguration`. Once the compression is successfully negotiated, receiving compressed messages will be automatically decompressed when reading.
```

#### Origin Considerations

> The `Origin` header can be used to differentiate between WebSocket connections from different hosts, or between those made from a browser and some other kind of network client. It is recommended to validate this `Origin` header before accepting the WebSocket upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Origin` header can be used to differentiate between WebSocket connections from different hosts or between those made from a browser and some other kind of network client. It is recommended to validate this `Origin` header before accepting the WebSocket upgrade.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/http;
import ballerina/websocket;

service /basic/ws on new websocket:Listener(9090) {
   resource isolated function get .(http:Request httpRequest) returns websocket:Service|websocket:UpgradeError {
       string|error header = httpRequest.getHeader("Origin");
       if header is string {
           // Implement validateOrigin function to validate the origin header.
	       boolean validated = validateOrigin(header);
           if validated {
              return new WsService();
           }
       }
       return error("Invalid upgrade request");
   }
}
service class WsService {
    *websocket:Service;
    remote function onTextMessage(websocket:Caller caller, string text) {
        
    }
}
```

#### Using the TLS protocol to secure WebSocket communication

> It is strongly recommended to use `wss://` protocol to protect against man-in-the-middle attacks. The Ballerina WebSocket module allows the use of TLS in communication to do this. This expects a secure socket to be set in the connection configuration as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is strongly recommended to use the `wss://` protocol to protect against man-in-the-middle attacks. The Ballerina `websocket` module allows the use of TLS in communication to do this. This expects a secure socket to be set in the connection configuration as shown below.
```

## Overview

This module provides an implementation for connecting and interacting with WebSocket endpoints. 

This module facilitates two types of network entry points as ‘Client’ and ‘Listener’. 

#### Client

The `websocket:Client` can be used to read/write text/binary messages synchronously. 

A simple Client code to handle text messages as follows.
```ballerina
import ballerina/websocket;

public function main() returns error? {
   websocket:Client wsClient = check new("ws://echo.websocket.org");

   check wsClient->writeTextMessage("Text message");

   string textResp = check wsClient->readTextMessage();
}
```

> Similar to above, this module has `writeBinaryMessage` and `readBinaryMessage` functions to handle binary messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to the above, this module has `writeBinaryMessage` and `readBinaryMessage` functions to handle binary messages.
```

  *websocket:Service;
  remote isolated function onTextMessage(websocket:Caller caller, string data) returns websocket:Error? {
      check caller->writeTextMessage(data);
  }
}              
```

##### Remote methods associated with `websocket:Service`

**onOpen**: As soon as the WebSocket handshake is completed and the connection is established, the `onOpen` remote method is dispatched.

**onTextMessage**: The received text messages are dispatched to this remote method.

**onBinaryMessage**: The received binary messages are dispatched to this remote method.

**onPing and onPong**: The received ping and pong messages are dispatched to these remote methods respectively.

**onIdleTimeout**: This remote method is dispatched when the idle timeout is reached. The `idleTimeout` has to be configured either in the WebSocket service or the client configuration.

**onClose**: This remote method is dispatched when a close frame with a statusCode and a reason is received.

**onError**: This remote method is dispatched when an error occurs in the WebSocket connection. This will always be preceded by a connection closure with an appropriate close frame.

#### Control Messages

> WebSocket contains three types control messages: `close`, `ping`, and `pong`. A WebSocket server or a client can send a `ping` message, and the opposite side should respond with a corresponding `pong` message by returning the same payload sent with the `ping` message. These ping/pong sequences are used as a heartbeat mechanism to check if the connection is healthy. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WebSocket contains three types of control messages: `close`, `ping`, and `pong`. A WebSocket server or a client can send a `ping` message, and the opposite side should respond with a corresponding `pong` message by returning the same payload sent with the `ping` message. These ping/pong sequences are used as a heartbeat mechanism to check if the connection is healthy. 
```

The user does not need to explicitly control these messages as they are handled automatically by the services and clients. But if required, we can override the default implementations of the ping/pong messages by registering a `websocket:PingPongService` in the client side as given in the above Client code sample and by including `onPing` and `onPong` remote functions in the `websocket:Service` in server side.

```ballerina
remote function onPing(websocket:Caller caller, byte[] data) returns error? {
    io:println(string `Ping received with data: ${data.toBase64()}`);
    check caller->pong(data);
}
 
remote function onPong(websocket:Caller caller, byte[] data) {
    io:println(string `Pong received with data: ${data.toBase64()}`);
}
```

> A WebSocket server or a Client can close the WebSocket connection by calling the `close` function. In the event of a connection closure, the service will be notified by invoking the `onClose` remote function. And in the client side you will get a connection closure error if you try to read/write messages. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A WebSocket server or a Client can close the WebSocket connection by calling the `close` function. In the event of a connection closure, the service will be notified by invoking the `onClose` remote function. And in the client side, you will get a connection closure error if you try to read/write messages. 
```

	       boolean validated = validateOrigin(header);
           if validated {
              return new WsService();
           }
       }
       return error("Invalid upgrade request");
   }
}
service class WsService {
    *websocket:Service;
    remote function onTextMessage(websocket:Caller caller, string text) {
        
    }
}
```

#### Using the TLS protocol to secure WebSocket communication

It is strongly recommended to use `wss://` protocol to protect against man-in-the-middle attacks. The Ballerina WebSocket module allows the use of TLS in communication to do this. This expects a secure socket to be set in the connection configuration as shown below.

##### Configuring TLS in server side

```ballerina
listener websocket:Listener wssListener = new (9090, {
    secureSocket: {
        key: {
            certFile: "../resource/path/to/public.crt",
            keyFile: "../resource/path/to/private.key"
        }
    }
});
service /basic/ws on wssListener {
    
}
```

##### Configuring TLS in client side

```ballerina
    websocket:Client wssClient = new ("wss://echo.websocket.org", {
        secureSocket: {
            cert: "../resource/path/to/public.crt"
        }

>     });

Reviewer 2: This code snippet is having extra indentation. Pls remove.

> ## Module Overview

Reviewer 3: I think it is good to have two high level sections as `Client` and `Listener`. Also few topics which we can add into this is 

Concurrency
Compression
Origin Considerations

Author: Added details as requested. Please have a look.
